I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
The Sleepy Princess!
It is night time.
Peppa and George are going to bed.
Goodnight, Peppa and George!
Mummy, Daddy?
Yes, Peppa?
I am not sleepy.
Can I have a story?
But maybe George is sleepy
and doesn't Want a story.
George, do you Want a story?
Say ''yes''!!
Alright! I Will
tell you just one story!
lf Daddy Pig tells
you a story,
you must both promise
to go to sleep.
We promise!
Hmmm. I think I'll tell you
the story of ''The Sleepy Princess''.
ls it a good story?
It sounds a bit boring.
It's not boring!
It's very good!
ls there a little princess in it?
Peppa! lf you keep talking,
Daddy Pig can't start the story!
Sorry, Mummy!
ls there a little princess
in the story, Daddy?
Yes, there is a
little princess in it.
Hmmm... ''The Sleepy Princess.''
Once upon a time... in a castle,
there lived a little princess.
And she Was called
the Sleepy Princess.
Daddy, Why Was she
called that?
I'll get to that later.
Was the Sleepy Princess pretty?
Yes, she Was very pretty!
She loved looking at
herself in the mirror.
I am so pretty!
Who else Was living
in the castle?
Er. Well...
The others in the castle Were...
the small Prince,
Queen Mummy and King Daddy!
That's right! They Were all
living there as Well.
Did King Daddy
have a big tummy?
Of course not! He Was very
handsome, like me.
Anyway, there Was
also a dragon!
Dine-Saw?
A dinosaur? Oh, yes,
it Wasn't a dragon.
It Was a dinosaur!
Living outside Was
a huge, fierce dinosaur!
Rooooaaaarr!
Rooooaaarr!
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Oh, dear!
Maybe the dinosaur Wasn't
quite that fierce, Daddy Pig?
Sorry, George. No, the dinosaur
Was very gentle.
It ate lots of grass.
Daddy Pig!
Oh, sorry. I Was
being the dinosaur.
Daddy, Why is the princess
called ''The Sleepy Princess''?
I'm coming to that.
You see, the sun set.
Then the stars and moon came out.
And everyone got very sleepy.
But the most sleepy of all
Was the Sleepy Princess!
Peppa? Are you sleepy?
No, Daddy! I am not sleepy at all.
But somebody is.
George! Wake up!
You'll miss the end of the story!
Well, Peppa might not be sleepy,
but the Sleepy Princess certainly Was.
Looking at herself all day in the mirror
had completely Worn her out.
Let's carry you to bed. Goodnight!
The Sleepy Princess Was so sleepy,
she had fallen fast asleep.
Thank you for that story,
King Daddy!
You're Welcome,
Queen Mummy.
And our little prince and
princess enjoyed it, too!